https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/lislejoem/us-minimum-wage-by-state-from-1968-to-2017?resource=download

Description of Data
The values in the dataset are as follows:

Year: The year of the data. All minimum wage values are as of January 1 except 1968 and 1969, which are as of February 1.
State: The state or territory of the data.
State.Minimum.Wage: The actual State's minimum wage on January 1 of Year.
State.Minimum.Wage.2020.Dollars: The State.Minimum.Wage in 2020 dollars.
Federal.Minimum.Wage: The federal minimum wage on January 1 of Year.
Federal.Minimum.Wage.2020.Dollars: The Federal.Minimum.Wage in 2020 dollars.
Effective.Minimum.Wage: The minimum wage that is enforced in State on January 1 of Year. Because the federal minimum wage takes effect if the State's minimum wage is lower than the federal minimum wage, this is the higher of the two.
Effective.Minimum.Wage.2020.Dollars: The Effective.Minimum.Wage in 2020 dollars.
CPI.Average: The average value of the Consumer Price Index in Year. When I pulled the data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, I selected the dataset with "all items in U.S. city average, all urban consumers, not seasonally adjusted".
Department.Of.Labor.Uncleaned.Data: The unclean, scraped value from the Department of Labor's website.
Department.Of.Labor.Cleaned.Low.Value: The State's lowest enforced minimum wage on January 1 of Year. If there is only one minimum wage, this and the value for Department.Of.Labor.Cleaned.High.Value are identical. (Some states enforce different minimum wage laws depending on the size of the business. In states where this is the case, generally, smaller businesses have slightly lower minimum wage requirements.)
Department.Of.Labor.Cleaned.Low.Value.2020.Dollars: The Department.Of.Labor.Cleaned.Low.Value in 2020 dollars.
Department.Of.Labor.Cleaned.High.Value: The State's higher enforced minimum wage on January 1 of Year. If there is only one minimum wage, this and the value for Department.Of.Labor.Cleaned.Low.Value are identical.
Department.Of.Labor.Cleaned.High.Value.2020.Dollars: The Department.Of.Labor.Cleaned.High.Value in 2020 dollars.
Footnote: The footnote provided on the Department of Labor's website. See more below.
Data Footnotes
As laws differ significantly from territory to territory, especially relating to whom is protected by minimum wage laws, the following footnotes are located throughout the data in Footnote to add more context to the minimum wage. The original footnotes can be found here.